ревью (#9)
timmson/translation: adoption/getting-started.md

Most LeSS adoptions can immediately eliminate the project manager role. In some adoptions the role is temporarily still needed. That’s usually when there’s a weak imperfect Definition of Done (hence, Undone work) or cross-product-boundary coordination. In those cases, organizations do not necessarily immediately forgo their project managers.

> So sometimes project managers will still be around for a while. What’s the problem? It’s likely they would regularly interrupt people and introducing conflicting priorities.

Author: ```suggestion
So sometimes project managers will still be around for awhile. What’s the problem? It’s likely they would regularly interrupt people and introducing conflicting priorities.
```
